Document `pulumi:tags` config option. (#3267)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/concepts/config.md

  - aws
  - kubernetes
```

### `pulumi:tags`

A list of [stack tags](/docs/concepts/stack/#stack-tags) which are read by the Pulumi CLI and automatically applied on the stack at

> every `pulumi up` or `pulumi refresh` action.

Reviewer: How does `refresh` actually work with stack tags? I tried adding a tag in Pulumi Cloud but not locally, and adding one locally but not in Pulumi Cloud, and in both cases, nothing happened when I ran `pulumi refresh`.

Author: @Frassle shouldn't a `refresh` take the value from Pulumi Cloud and update the stack config file if the values differ?

```yaml
  pulumi:tags:
    company: "Some LLC"

>     team: Ops

Author: Done!

```

Pulumi CLI only creates or updates tags which are listed in the config. If you remove a tag from the stack config, you have to remove it from the stack in Pulumi Cloud manually.

> The config sample above will be applied on the stack and become visible on Pulumi Cloud in the `Tags` section of your stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stack tags applied by Pulumi CLI are listed in the `Tags` section of the Overview tab:
```
